llllttttttttttttttttt
llllttFtttttttttttttt
lllltt             <<
lllltt             <<
lllltt      Qtttttttt
lllllll  บบ  llllllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttlF     &ttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl  บบ  lttlllll
lllltt&      lttlllll
llllttl     Qlttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttlF     &ttlllll
llllttl  บบ  lttlllll
lllltt&      lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl     Qlttlllll
llllttl  บบ  lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl      &ttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttl   @  lttlllll
llllttl      lttlllll
llllttlllltlllttlllll
llllttllllllltttlllll
llllttttttttttttlllll
lllllllllllllllllllll
-
levels//level52.txt
fondoDesierto
-
Green 4 False 135 400 2 0.06
Blue 4 False 45 400 2 0.06
Green 4 False 135 400 2 0.06
Blue 4 False 45 400 2 0.06
Green 4 False 135 400 2 0.06
